'''
The environmental eco club has discovered a new Amoeba that grows in the order of a Fibonacci series every month. They are exhibiting their amoeba in a national conference. They want to know the size of the amoeba at a particular time instant. If a particular month’s index is given, write a  program to displays the amoeba’s size……???. For Example, The size of the amoeba on month 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, ..will be 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8 respectively.
n=int(input())
output:
a=0
b=1
for i in range (3,n+1):
	c=a+b
	a=b
	b=c
print (c)
'''
Write a program to determine whether 'n' is a factorial number or not. Factorial of a number is the product of all positive numbers from 1 to 'n'.
'''
def is_factorial(n):
    if n < 0:
        return "No" 
    
    factorial = 1
    i = 1
    
    while factorial < n:
        i += 1
        factorial *= i
    
    return "Yes" if factorial == n else "No"


n = int(input("Enter an integer: "))


print(is_factorial(n))
'''
a = 0, b=0, c=1 are the 1st three terms. All other terms in the Lucas sequence are generated by the sum of their 3 most recent predecessors. Write a program to generate the first n terms of a Lucas Sequence.
Input format:
The input containing an integer 'n' which denotes the given number
Ans:
n=int(input())
a=0
b=0
c=1
print(a,end=’ ‘)
print(b,end=’ ‘)
print(c,end=’ ‘)
for i in range (4,n+1):
	d=a+b+c
	a=b
	b=c
	c=d
	print(d,end=’ ‘)
'''
def collatz_sequence(n):
    count = 0
    sequence = []

    while n != 1:
        sequence.append(n)
        if n % 2 == 0:  
            n = n // 2
        else:          
            n = 3 * n + 1
        count += 1
    
    sequence.append(1)  
    
    
    for num in sequence:
        print(num)
    
    s
    print(count)


n = int(input())
collatz_sequence(n)
'''
Write a program to check whether the given number is a trendy number or not. A number is said to be a trendy number if and only if it has 3 digits and the middle digit is divisible by 3.
n=int(input())
if(n>=100 and n<=999):
    a=n//10
    b=a%10
    if(b%3==0):
        print("Trendy Number")
    else:
        print("Not a Trendy number")
else:
    print("Not a Trendy Number")


